De/Today, text-messaging has probably become young people’s most common form of communication. Someleachers think that because of this, young people are not writing correctly at school. They fear that once students get used to it, they will find it hard to switch back to using correct grammar and spelling. How did things begin this way? It all began with e-mail, online chat rooms, and games. Then step by step young people made sentences, phrases and words shorter. As text-messaging continued to become popular, people invented more and more words. Today, it is like a real language with its own grammar and vocabulary. The growth of text-messaging has raised an important question: As students become fluent in text­messaging, do their writing skills suffer? People have different ideas about the effects of text-messaging on students’ writing skills. Some say that students are losing the ability to write long, correct sentences. Others say that text-messaging is having a good effect on the language students use in then schoolwork. It shows that they are creative and good at expressing themselves. And if students can keep the two systems separate - one for text­-messaging and one for school - this will help students appreciate reading and writing more. Some people suggest that one way to reduce the bad effects of text-messaging is to find ways to use technology as a positive learning tool. For example, students can be allowed to type their assignments in a cell phone message and send them to their teachers, but they must type correctly. In this way, students are using the technology that they are familiar with to communicate in a form of language suitable for schoolwork. It shows students that text-messaging is fine for social communication, but correct grammar and spelling are necessary for communication in school./Doan van
De/Which of the following is the best title for the passage?/Chu de
A. What is Text-messaging Doing to Students’ Writing? - true - Dung ky nang scanning va can cu vao doan dau tien
B. How have Schools Changed Technology? - false - Khong biet
C. What can be Done to Increase the Quality of Text-messaging? - false - Khong biet
D. How can Teachers Teach Text-messaging? - false - Khong biet
Trung binh/The word switch in paragraph 1 is closest in meaning to_______./Tu dong nghia
A. give - false - Khong biet
B. change - true - switch(v): chuyen/xoay
C. look - false - Khong biet
D. send - false - Khong biet
Kho/The word invented in paragraph 2 is closest in meaning to_______./Tu dong nghia
A. explained - false - Khong biet
B. created - true - Dich nghia
C. described - false - Khong biet
D. guessed - false - Khong biet
Trung binh/According to paragraph 3, how can text-messaging affect students’ writing?/Dich
A. Students no longer use handwriting for their schoolwork. - false - Khong biet
B. Students’ ability to write long, correct sentences is gradually decreasing. - true - Dich nghia
C. Students will lose interest in their school writing. - false - Khong biet
D. Students are losing their creativity in writing. - false - Khong biet
De/The word them in paragraph 4 refers to _______./Dich
A. effects - false - Khong biet
B. people - false - Khong biet
C. students - false - Khong biet
D. assignments - true - Dich nghia
Trung binh/Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?/Dich
A. People have different opinions about the effects of text-messaging on students' writing. - false - Khong biet
B. Correct grammar and spelling are important for communication in school. - true - Dich nghia
C. Text-messaging has probably become the most common form of communication for young people. - false - Khong biet
D. Text-messaging is like a real language with its own grammar and vocabulary. - false - Khong biet
Kho/Which of the following can be inferred from the passage./Dich
A. Text-messaging has been accepted as an official language. - false - Khong biet
B. Text-messaging can help students write more correctly. - false - Khong biet
C. Students should know how to use standard language in all circumstances. - false - Khong biet
D. Students should know how to use text-messaging properly for their purposes. - true - Dich nghia
end
